backend/RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, before:

# 🚂 Railway Deployment Guide - MGB MRFC Manager Backend

**Last Updated:** November 11, 2025  
**Version:** 2.0.3

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

Before deploying to Railway, ensure you have:

1. ✅ **Railway Account** - Sign up at https://railway.app
2. ✅ **GitHub Repository** - Code pushed to GitHub (Railway deploys from GitHub)
3. ✅ **AWS S3 Bucket** - Configured with public read access (see S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md)
4. ✅ **AWS IAM Credentials** - Access key and secret key
5. ✅ **Google Gemini API Key** (OPTIONAL) - For AI-powered compliance analysis

---

## 🚀 Step-by-Step Deployment

### **Step 1: Create New Railway Project**

1. Go to https://railway.app/dashboard
2. Click **"New Project"**
3. Select **"Deploy from GitHub repo"**
4. Choose your **MGB MRFC Manager** repository
5. Railway will detect Node.js automatically

---

### **Step 2: Add PostgreSQL Database**

1. In your Railway project, click **"+ New"**
2. Select **"Database"** → **"Add PostgreSQL"**
3. Railway will automatically create `DATABASE_URL` environment variable
4. ✅ No manual configuration needed!

---

### **Step 3: Configure Environment Variables**

Go to your backend service → **Variables** tab and add:

#### **🔐 Required Variables (13)**

```env
# Node Environment
NODE_ENV=production

# Database (Auto-created by Railway PostgreSQL plugin)
DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}

# JWT Secret (Generate with: node -e "console.log(require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex'))")
JWT_SECRET=your_64_character_random_string_here

# AWS S3 Configuration (REQUIRED for file storage)
S3_BUCKET_NAME=adhub-s3-demo
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIA...your_aws_access_key
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your_aws_secret_key_here
AWS_REGION=us-east-1

# Server Port (Railway sets automatically, but good to have fallback)
PORT=3000

# CORS Origin (Set to your Android app's IP or domain)
CORS_ORIGIN=*

# Super Admin Credentials (First-time setup)
SUPER_ADMIN_USERNAME=superadmin
SUPER_ADMIN_PASSWORD=Admin@123
SUPER_ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@mgb.gov.ph
SUPER_ADMIN_FULL_NAME=Super Administrator
```

#### **🤖 Optional Variables (1)**

```env
# Google Gemini AI (OPTIONAL - for intelligent compliance analysis)
GEMINI_API_KEY=AIzaSy...your_gemini_api_key

# If not provided, system falls back to keyword-based analysis
```

#### **📁 Legacy Variables (Keep for backwards compatibility)**

```env
# Cloudinary (Legacy - not used anymore, but kept for old data)
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=drxjbb7np
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=your_key_if_you_have_old_data
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=your_secret_if_you_have_old_data
```

---

### **Step 4: Configure Build Settings**

Railway auto-detects from `railway.toml`. Verify:

**Build Command:**
```bash
npm install && npm run build
```

**Start Command:**
```bash
npm run db:migrate && npm run db:seed:quarters && npm start
```

**Health Check:**
- Path: `/api/v1/health`
- Timeout: 300 seconds (5 minutes for OCR operations)

---

### **Step 5: Set Node.js Version (Optional)**

Railway uses Node.js 18+ by default. To specify exact version:

1. Go to **Settings** → **Environment**
2. Add variable: `NODE_VERSION=18.18.0`

Or use `.nvmrc` file:

```bash
echo "18.18.0" > backend/.nvmrc
```

---

### **Step 6: Deploy!**

1. Railway will automatically deploy when you push to GitHub
2. Or click **"Deploy"** button in Railway dashboard
3. Watch logs in **Deployments** tab

**Expected Build Time:**
- First build: ~5-7 minutes (npm install + TypeScript build)
- Subsequent builds: ~2-3 minutes (cached dependencies)

---

## ✅ Post-Deployment Verification

### **1. Check Health Endpoint**

```bash
curl https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/health
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  "timestamp": "2025-11-11T12:00:00.000Z",
  "uptime": 123.456,
  "environment": "production"
}
```

### **2. Check Swagger Docs**

Visit: `https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api-docs`

You should see the full API documentation.

### **3. Test Login API**

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/auth/login \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "username": "superadmin",
    "password": "Admin@123"
  }'
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...",
    "user": {
      "id": 1,
      "username": "superadmin",
      "role": "SUPER_ADMIN",
      ...
    }
  }
}
```

### **4. Verify Database Tables**

Check Railway PostgreSQL dashboard:

**Expected Tables:**
- users
- mrfcs
- proponents
- agendas
- agenda_items
- documents
- compliance_analyses
- attendance
- notifications
- quarters ⚠️ **CRITICAL** (must have Q1-Q4 2025 data)
- audit_logs

### **5. Verify Quarters Are Seeded**

```bash
curl https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/quarters \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_JWT_TOKEN"
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    { "id": 1, "name": "Q1 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 1, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 2, "name": "Q2 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 2, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 3, "name": "Q3 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 3, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 4, "name": "Q4 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 4, "is_current": true }
  ]
}
```

⚠️ **If quarters are empty, file upload will fail!** See troubleshooting below.

---

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### **Issue 1: "Loading quarters..." forever in Android app**

**Cause:** Quarters table is empty  
**Solution:**

```bash
# SSH into Railway container
railway run bash

# Inside container:
npm run db:seed:quarters

# Or manually seed:
node scripts/seed-quarters.js
```

**Verify:**
```sql
-- In Railway PostgreSQL dashboard
SELECT * FROM quarters;
```

Should show 4 rows (Q1-Q4 2025).

---

### **Issue 2: Build fails with "npm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE"**

**Cause:** TypeScript compilation errors  
**Solution:**

```bash
# Locally test build
cd backend
npm run build

# Fix any TypeScript errors
# Push fixes to GitHub
```

---

### **Issue 3: "Cannot connect to database"**

**Cause:** DATABASE_URL not set  
**Solution:**

1. Go to Railway dashboard → PostgreSQL service
2. Copy `DATABASE_URL` from **Variables** tab
3. Go to backend service → **Variables** tab
4. Add: `DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}`
5. Redeploy

---

### **Issue 4: OCR times out (504 Gateway Timeout)**

**Cause:** Railway's default timeout is too short for OCR  
**Solution:**

Update `railway.toml`:

```toml
[deploy]
healthcheckTimeout = 300  # 5 minutes
```

Or use Railway Pro (10-minute timeout).

---

### **Issue 5: S3 403 Forbidden errors**

**Cause:** AWS credentials invalid or bucket policy missing  
**Solution:**

1. Verify AWS credentials in Railway dashboard
2. Check S3 bucket policy (see S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md)
3. Test S3 upload manually:

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/documents/upload \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_JWT_TOKEN" \
  -F "file=@test.pdf" \
  -F "quarter_id=4"
```

---

### **Issue 6: Gemini AI not working**

**Symptom:** Compliance analysis shows "PARTIALLY_COMPLIANT" with generic scores  
**Cause:** GEMINI_API_KEY not set or invalid  
**Solution:**

1. Get API key from https://makersuite.google.com/app/apikey
2. Add to Railway: `GEMINI_API_KEY=AIzaSy...`
3. Redeploy

**Note:** System falls back to keyword-based analysis if Gemini unavailable.

---

## 📊 Railway Performance Optimization

### **1. Enable Persistent Storage (Optional)**

For caching OCR results:

```toml
[deploy]
volumes = [
  { name = "tesseract-cache", mountPath = "/app/tessdata" }
]
```

### **2. Increase Memory Limit**

OCR + canvas require more memory:

1. Go to **Settings** → **Resources**
2. Set memory to **1 GB** or higher (default: 512MB)

### **3. Enable Auto-Scaling**

1. Go to **Settings** → **Deployment**
2. Enable **Auto-deploy** on GitHub push
3. Set **Health Check** retry policy

---

## 📱 Update Android App

After deployment, update Android app's API URL:

**File:** `app/src/main/java/com/mgb/mrfcmanager/data/remote/ApiConfig.kt`

```kotlin
object ApiConfig {
    // Old (Render)
    // private const val BASE_URL = "https://mgb-mrfc.onrender.com/api/v1/"
    
    // New (Railway)
    private const val BASE_URL = "https://your-app.railway.app/api/v1/"
    
    // Increased timeouts for OCR operations
    private const val READ_TIMEOUT = 300L  // 5 minutes
    private const val WRITE_TIMEOUT = 120L // 2 minutes
    private const val CONNECT_TIMEOUT = 30L
}
```

Rebuild Android app and test!

---

## 🔒 Security Best Practices

1. **Never commit .env files** - Use Railway environment variables
2. **Rotate JWT_SECRET** - Use strong random strings
3. **Use strong passwords** - Change default Super Admin password
4. **Enable Railway MFA** - Two-factor authentication
5. **Restrict S3 bucket access** - Only allow Railway IP ranges (if possible)
6. **Monitor API usage** - Watch Gemini AI free tier limits (15 req/min)

---

## 💰 Railway Pricing

**Starter Plan (FREE):**
- $5 free credit/month
- 512 MB RAM
- 1 GB disk
- Good for testing

**Developer Plan ($20/month):**
- $20 credit (pay-as-you-go)
- 8 GB RAM
- 100 GB disk
- **Recommended for production** (heavy OCR workload)

**Estimated Monthly Cost:**
- Backend service: ~$10-15/month
- PostgreSQL: ~$5-10/month
- **Total: $15-25/month**

**Compare to Render:**
- Render free tier: Sleeps after 15 min inactivity ❌
- Railway: Always on ✅
- Railway: Better for heavy workloads (OCR + AI) ✅

---

## 📚 Additional Resources

- **Railway Docs:** https://docs.railway.app
- **Node.js on Railway:** https://docs.railway.app/guides/nodejs
- **PostgreSQL Plugin:** https://docs.railway.app/databases/postgresql
- **MGB MRFC Docs:**
  - [PROJECT_STATUS.md](../PROJECT_STATUS.md) - Full feature list
  - [QUARTERS_SETUP.md](./QUARTERS_SETUP.md) - ⚠️ REQUIRED reading
  - [S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md](../S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md) - AWS S3 setup
  - [GEMINI_AI_INTEGRATION.md](../GEMINI_AI_INTEGRATION.md) - AI setup

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

**Common Issues:**
1. ❌ "Loading quarters..." → Run `npm run db:seed:quarters`
2. ❌ "504 Timeout" → Increase healthcheckTimeout to 300
3. ❌ "S3 403 Forbidden" → Check AWS credentials and bucket policy
4. ❌ "Cannot connect to DB" → Verify `DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}`

**Railway Support:**
- Discord: https://discord.gg/railway
- Docs: https://docs.railway.app
- Status: https://status.railway.app

---

**Happy Deploying! 🚂🚀**

Commit message:

feat: Migrate AI analysis from Google Gemini to Anthropic Claude
Transitioned the AI-powered compliance analysis from Google Gemini to Anthropic Claude, updating relevant configurations and dependencies. Adjusted backend logic to utilize Claude for both standard and scanned PDF analyses, with fallback mechanisms to keyword-based analysis. Updated environment variables and documentation to reflect the new AI integration. Removed legacy Gemini configuration files and ensured all features remain intact with zero frontend changes required.

backend/RAILWAY_DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, after:

# 🚂 Railway Deployment Guide - MGB MRFC Manager Backend

**Last Updated:** November 11, 2025  
**Version:** 2.0.3

---

## 📋 Prerequisites

Before deploying to Railway, ensure you have:

1. ✅ **Railway Account** - Sign up at https://railway.app
2. ✅ **GitHub Repository** - Code pushed to GitHub (Railway deploys from GitHub)
3. ✅ **AWS S3 Bucket** - Configured with public read access (see S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md)
4. ✅ **AWS IAM Credentials** - Access key and secret key
5. ✅ **OpenAI API Key** (OPTIONAL) - For AI-powered compliance analysis

---

## 🚀 Step-by-Step Deployment

### **Step 1: Create New Railway Project**

1. Go to https://railway.app/dashboard
2. Click **"New Project"**
3. Select **"Deploy from GitHub repo"**
4. Choose your **MGB MRFC Manager** repository
5. Railway will detect Node.js automatically

---

### **Step 2: Add PostgreSQL Database**

1. In your Railway project, click **"+ New"**
2. Select **"Database"** → **"Add PostgreSQL"**
3. Railway will automatically create `DATABASE_URL` environment variable
4. ✅ No manual configuration needed!

---

### **Step 3: Configure Environment Variables**

Go to your backend service → **Variables** tab and add:

#### **🔐 Required Variables (13)**

```env
# Node Environment
NODE_ENV=production

# Database (Auto-created by Railway PostgreSQL plugin)
DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}

# JWT Secret (Generate with: node -e "console.log(require('crypto').randomBytes(64).toString('hex'))")
JWT_SECRET=your_64_character_random_string_here

# AWS S3 Configuration (REQUIRED for file storage)
S3_BUCKET_NAME=adhub-s3-demo
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=AKIA...your_aws_access_key
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your_aws_secret_key_here
AWS_REGION=us-east-1

# Server Port (Railway sets automatically, but good to have fallback)
PORT=3000

# CORS Origin (Set to your Android app's IP or domain)
CORS_ORIGIN=*

# Super Admin Credentials (First-time setup)
SUPER_ADMIN_USERNAME=superadmin
SUPER_ADMIN_PASSWORD=Admin@123
SUPER_ADMIN_EMAIL=admin@mgb.gov.ph
SUPER_ADMIN_FULL_NAME=Super Administrator
```

#### **🤖 Optional Variables (1)**

```env
# OpenAI ChatGPT (OPTIONAL - for intelligent compliance analysis)
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...your_openai_api_key

# If not provided, system falls back to keyword-based analysis
```

#### **📁 Legacy Variables (Keep for backwards compatibility)**

```env
# Cloudinary (Legacy - not used anymore, but kept for old data)
CLOUDINARY_CLOUD_NAME=drxjbb7np
CLOUDINARY_API_KEY=your_key_if_you_have_old_data
CLOUDINARY_API_SECRET=your_secret_if_you_have_old_data
```

---

### **Step 4: Configure Build Settings**

Railway auto-detects from `railway.toml`. Verify:

**Build Command:**
```bash
npm install && npm run build
```

**Start Command:**
```bash
npm run db:migrate && npm run db:seed:quarters && npm start
```

**Health Check:**
- Path: `/api/v1/health`
- Timeout: 300 seconds (5 minutes for OCR operations)

---

### **Step 5: Set Node.js Version (Optional)**

Railway uses Node.js 18+ by default. To specify exact version:

1. Go to **Settings** → **Environment**
2. Add variable: `NODE_VERSION=18.18.0`

Or use `.nvmrc` file:

```bash
echo "18.18.0" > backend/.nvmrc
```

---

### **Step 6: Deploy!**

1. Railway will automatically deploy when you push to GitHub
2. Or click **"Deploy"** button in Railway dashboard
3. Watch logs in **Deployments** tab

**Expected Build Time:**
- First build: ~5-7 minutes (npm install + TypeScript build)
- Subsequent builds: ~2-3 minutes (cached dependencies)

---

## ✅ Post-Deployment Verification

### **1. Check Health Endpoint**

```bash
curl https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/health
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "status": "ok",
  "timestamp": "2025-11-11T12:00:00.000Z",
  "uptime": 123.456,
  "environment": "production"
}
```

### **2. Check Swagger Docs**

Visit: `https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api-docs`

You should see the full API documentation.

### **3. Test Login API**

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/auth/login \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
    "username": "superadmin",
    "password": "Admin@123"
  }'
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": {
    "token": "eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9...",
    "user": {
      "id": 1,
      "username": "superadmin",
      "role": "SUPER_ADMIN",
      ...
    }
  }
}
```

### **4. Verify Database Tables**

Check Railway PostgreSQL dashboard:

**Expected Tables:**
- users
- mrfcs
- proponents
- agendas
- agenda_items
- documents
- compliance_analyses
- attendance
- notifications
- quarters ⚠️ **CRITICAL** (must have Q1-Q4 2025 data)
- audit_logs

### **5. Verify Quarters Are Seeded**

```bash
curl https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/quarters \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_JWT_TOKEN"
```

**Expected Response:**
```json
{
  "success": true,
  "data": [
    { "id": 1, "name": "Q1 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 1, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 2, "name": "Q2 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 2, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 3, "name": "Q3 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 3, "is_current": false },
    { "id": 4, "name": "Q4 2025", "year": 2025, "quarter": 4, "is_current": true }
  ]
}
```

⚠️ **If quarters are empty, file upload will fail!** See troubleshooting below.

---

## 🔧 Troubleshooting

### **Issue 1: "Loading quarters..." forever in Android app**

**Cause:** Quarters table is empty  
**Solution:**

```bash
# SSH into Railway container
railway run bash

# Inside container:
npm run db:seed:quarters

# Or manually seed:
node scripts/seed-quarters.js
```

**Verify:**
```sql
-- In Railway PostgreSQL dashboard
SELECT * FROM quarters;
```

Should show 4 rows (Q1-Q4 2025).

---

### **Issue 2: Build fails with "npm ERR! code ELIFECYCLE"**

**Cause:** TypeScript compilation errors  
**Solution:**

```bash
# Locally test build
cd backend
npm run build

# Fix any TypeScript errors
# Push fixes to GitHub
```

---

### **Issue 3: "Cannot connect to database"**

**Cause:** DATABASE_URL not set  
**Solution:**

1. Go to Railway dashboard → PostgreSQL service
2. Copy `DATABASE_URL` from **Variables** tab
3. Go to backend service → **Variables** tab
4. Add: `DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}`
5. Redeploy

---

### **Issue 4: OCR times out (504 Gateway Timeout)**

**Cause:** Railway's default timeout is too short for OCR  
**Solution:**

Update `railway.toml`:

```toml
[deploy]
healthcheckTimeout = 300  # 5 minutes
```

Or use Railway Pro (10-minute timeout).

---

### **Issue 5: S3 403 Forbidden errors**

**Cause:** AWS credentials invalid or bucket policy missing  
**Solution:**

1. Verify AWS credentials in Railway dashboard
2. Check S3 bucket policy (see S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md)
3. Test S3 upload manually:

```bash
curl -X POST https://your-railway-app.railway.app/api/v1/documents/upload \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_JWT_TOKEN" \
  -F "file=@test.pdf" \
  -F "quarter_id=4"
```

---

### **Issue 6: ChatGPT AI not working**

**Symptom:** Compliance analysis shows "PARTIALLY_COMPLIANT" with generic scores
**Cause:** OPENAI_API_KEY not set or invalid
**Solution:**

1. Get API key from https://platform.openai.com/api-keys
2. Add to Railway: `OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-...`
3. Redeploy

**Note:** System falls back to keyword-based analysis if ChatGPT unavailable.

---

## 📊 Railway Performance Optimization

### **1. Enable Persistent Storage (Optional)**

For caching OCR results:

```toml
[deploy]
volumes = [
  { name = "tesseract-cache", mountPath = "/app/tessdata" }
]
```

### **2. Increase Memory Limit**

OCR + canvas require more memory:

1. Go to **Settings** → **Resources**
2. Set memory to **1 GB** or higher (default: 512MB)

### **3. Enable Auto-Scaling**

1. Go to **Settings** → **Deployment**
2. Enable **Auto-deploy** on GitHub push
3. Set **Health Check** retry policy

---

## 📱 Update Android App

After deployment, update Android app's API URL:

**File:** `app/src/main/java/com/mgb/mrfcmanager/data/remote/ApiConfig.kt`

```kotlin
object ApiConfig {
    // Old (Render)
    // private const val BASE_URL = "https://mgb-mrfc.onrender.com/api/v1/"
    
    // New (Railway)
    private const val BASE_URL = "https://your-app.railway.app/api/v1/"
    
    // Increased timeouts for OCR operations
    private const val READ_TIMEOUT = 300L  // 5 minutes
    private const val WRITE_TIMEOUT = 120L // 2 minutes
    private const val CONNECT_TIMEOUT = 30L
}
```

Rebuild Android app and test!

---

## 🔒 Security Best Practices

1. **Never commit .env files** - Use Railway environment variables
2. **Rotate JWT_SECRET** - Use strong random strings
3. **Use strong passwords** - Change default Super Admin password
4. **Enable Railway MFA** - Two-factor authentication
5. **Restrict S3 bucket access** - Only allow Railway IP ranges (if possible)
6. **Monitor API usage** - Watch OpenAI API costs and rate limits

---

## 💰 Railway Pricing

**Starter Plan (FREE):**
- $5 free credit/month
- 512 MB RAM
- 1 GB disk
- Good for testing

**Developer Plan ($20/month):**
- $20 credit (pay-as-you-go)
- 8 GB RAM
- 100 GB disk
- **Recommended for production** (heavy OCR workload)

**Estimated Monthly Cost:**
- Backend service: ~$10-15/month
- PostgreSQL: ~$5-10/month
- **Total: $15-25/month**

**Compare to Render:**
- Render free tier: Sleeps after 15 min inactivity ❌
- Railway: Always on ✅
- Railway: Better for heavy workloads (OCR + AI) ✅

---

## 📚 Additional Resources

- **Railway Docs:** https://docs.railway.app
- **Node.js on Railway:** https://docs.railway.app/guides/nodejs
- **PostgreSQL Plugin:** https://docs.railway.app/databases/postgresql
- **MGB MRFC Docs:**
  - [PROJECT_STATUS.md](../PROJECT_STATUS.md) - Full feature list
  - [QUARTERS_SETUP.md](./QUARTERS_SETUP.md) - ⚠️ REQUIRED reading
  - [S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md](../S3_BUCKET_SETUP_GUIDE.md) - AWS S3 setup
  - [CHATGPT_SETUP_GUIDE.md](../CHATGPT_SETUP_GUIDE.md) - AI setup

---

## 🆘 Need Help?

**Common Issues:**
1. ❌ "Loading quarters..." → Run `npm run db:seed:quarters`
2. ❌ "504 Timeout" → Increase healthcheckTimeout to 300
3. ❌ "S3 403 Forbidden" → Check AWS credentials and bucket policy
4. ❌ "Cannot connect to DB" → Verify `DATABASE_URL=${{Postgres.DATABASE_URL}}`

**Railway Support:**
- Discord: https://discord.gg/railway
- Docs: https://docs.railway.app
- Status: https://status.railway.app

---

**Happy Deploying! 🚂🚀**
